Aww tera happy birthday
	Since you like melodrama on your birthday. :|
bolna
	I dont need to tell you how well we connect to this song :)
Scientist
	A promise.
i feel good
	The mood that defines the happiest moments between us. :D
muskurane ki wajah 
	Your favourite song, is not just another one!
tum hi ho bandhu
	We need to party like this some day. 
tu mere paas hai na
	Our second movie together. For the times I miss you.
ilahi
	The song that, on my way back to home, and makes me realize I have someone so special to meet.First movie together!			
kaun mera kya tu laage
	Makes me wonder. 
koi tumsa nahi
	Because I have always told you, there is something unqiue about your cuteness. 
Diye Jalte Hain
	Old song, but tells me the truth about every special friendship I have. :)
kheech meri photo
	How can someone be such a drama queen that she likes this song? :O
get up jawani
	School bus days! <3 Such cheap taste we had! :P
tujhse naraz nahi zindagi
	When I get angry and still just talking to you calms me down. :/
phir suna 
	You gave me this song! Thanks to KRJ. :P
Tere bin
	Sweetness overlaod, just like you sometimes! :*
yaaron dosti 
	No friendship playlist ends without this. :P
saawali si raat
	To all the late night talks and letting our hearts out, to the reassurance we give to each other. :)
chalo jaane do
	You might not remember, but you dedicated this to me once I was angry, back in 12. :P
tum hi ho
	The first live performance and the evening that changed everything!
ek shaqs
	This song! <3 I used to listen to it when I used to miss you AF and there was regret. :(
jeena jeena
	The first time I heard this song, it reminded me of you, though we hadn't been talking for a long time. IDK why! 
kar gayi chull
	Because there is Alia Bhatt! :P
tu jo mila reprise
	Such a sweet song! Kyonki tum dhadkan, main dil! :*
yaadein yaad aati hai
	This song made me realize how I much I'll miss the absence of some people in my life. 
dil kyun yeh mera
	Road trip, this song and peace. #FutureGoalsWithYou
kabira
	The video makes me excited and happy! What if something so cute happens with us? <3
tera mujhse hai
	Jaaaaaane tuuuu, yaaaaaa jaaaane naaaa! Kyonki Jai aur Aditi sabse ache dost hain! :*